AJAX Basics
1.  AJAX = Asynchronous JavaScript & XML.
2.  AJAX lets you update content on a webpage without loading a new webpage.
3.  When a server answers an AJAX request, it sends back a response.
4.  You use AJAX to communicate with a server by sending it a request.


How AJAX Works
1.  Callbacks for multiple AJAX requests may not run in the order the requests
    were sent.
2.  The browser uses XMLHttpRequest Objects to manage AJAX requests.
3.  The four steps to creating an AJAX request are:
      1.  Create a XMLHttpRequest Object.
      2.  Create a callback function.
      3.  Open request.
      4.  Send request.


HTTP Request Methods
1.  When should you use the POST HTTP method with AJAX?
A.  When you want to send data that the web server should store in a database and
    When you want to send more than 2083 characters of data to the web server.

2.  Which of these is an example of a valid query string?
    http://server.com/page.php?name=Johnny+Depp&movie=Pirates+of+the+Caribbean%3A+Dead+Man%27s+Chest

3.  What is a common reason for using the GET HTTP Method to send an AJAX request?
    When you're only interested in getting information from a web server.

4.  What is a query string?
    Information sent to the web server. It is added to the end of a URL.

5.  Which of these is a difference between GET and POST?
    POST sends its data in the "body" of the request. GET sends data in the URL.


AJAX Response Formats
1.  What does XML stand for?
    Extensible Markup Language.

2.  True or False: HTML and XML both use tags to mark up information.
    True.

3.  Which of these is NOT a common AJAX response format?
    Binary Files. You can receive binary files -- like images -- using AJAX, but
    plain text formats like JSON, XML, and HTML are more common.

4.  True or False: XML is the preferred format for AJAX responses because XML is the easiest format for JavaScript to work with.
    False. JSON is a much better data exchange format for JavaScript.


AJAX Security Limitations
1.  True or False: When adding standard AJAX requests to your pages, you need to view that page through a web server in order to preview the results.
    True.

2.  Imagine you have a web page that is retrieved from http://www.myserver.com. Which of the following scenarios is NOT against a web browser's same-origin policy?
    None of the above.

3.  Why is a web proxy useful for AJAX requests?
    It allows you to bypass a web browser's same-origin policy by retrieving data
    from another server, while keeping AJAX requests within the same domain.

4.  What does CORS stand for?
    Cross-origin resource sharing.

5.  What does JSONP stand for?
    JSON with Padding.


AJAX Callbacks
1.  What is the value of an XMLHttpRequest object's readyState when the browser has received all of the data from the server?
    4.

2.  A variable named xhr contains an XMLHttpRequest Object. Which of these sends the AJAX request to the server?
    xhr.send();

3.  What does an HTTP status code of 404 mean?
    File Not Found.

4.  What does an HTTP status code of 200 mean?
    OK.

5.  Which of the following correctly creates an XHR object?
    var request = new XMLHttpRequest();


JSON
1.  True or False: JSON stands for JavaScript Object Notation.
    True.

2.  Which of the following is true about JSON properties?
    Property names must be quoted using double quotes.

3.  Which one of the following shows a correctly formatted JSON property name / value pair?
    "course" : "AJAX Basics"

4.  JSON data can be formatted in which of these ways?
    As an array of values, as a JavaScript object containing property name / value pairs and
    as an array of JavaScript objects.


Review Parsing JSON
1.  When a web server sends JSON-formatted data, what is it sending?
    A string.

2.  Which of the following is a web browser's method for turning a JSON string into a JavaScript object?
    JSON.parse()

3.  What will appear in the alert dialog box when this code runs? var word = "Treehouse"; alert( typeof word);
    A string.


Review jquery
1.  What is jQuery?
    A popular JavaScript library that simplifies making AJAX requests.

2.  What does this code do: $('#ajax').load('sidebar.html');
    It loads the contents of the sidebar.html file into an HTML element with the ID of "ajax."

3.  What does CDN stand for?
    Content Delivery Network.


jQuery AJAX Shorthand Methods
1.  What is the difference between jQuery's .load() AJAX method and jQuery's other shorthand AJAX methods?
    The .load() method must be chained onto a jQuery selection. For example, $('#element').load('page.html');

2.  jQuery's $.get() method accepts three arguments. What order do they go in?
    1. URL
    2. Data for the server
    3. Callback function to process the server response.

3.  jQuery passes the data from the server response to the callback function of $.get(). This is the same as which of the following XMLHTTPRequest object properties?
    The responseText property.

4.  Which of the following is NOT a jQuery AJAX shorthand method?
    .load(), $.get(), $.post() and $.getJSON() are all jQuery AJAX shorthands.
